capital = 613 # Nanjing

recruit_character = ROC_Mao_Zedong
recruit_character = ROC_Jiang_ZhongZheng
recruit_character = ROC_Pu_Yi
recruit_character = ROC_Zhang_Lan
recruit_character = ROC_Chen_Cheng
recruit_character = ROC_Chen_Geng
recruit_character = ROC_Chen_Guofu
recruit_character = ROC_Chen_Yi
recruit_character = ROC_Chen_Yi_2
recruit_character = ROC_Dai_Anlan
recruit_character = ROC_Deng_Xiaoping
recruit_character = ROC_Dong_Biwu
recruit_character = ROC_Du_Yuming
recruit_character = ROC_Fu_Zuoyi
recruit_character = ROC_Gao_Zhihang
recruit_character = ROC_Gu_Zhutong
recruit_character = ROC_He_Yingqin
recruit_character = ROC_Hu_Zongnan
recruit_character = ROC_Jiang_Jingguo
recruit_character = ROC_Kong_Xiangxi
recruit_character = ROC_Lin_Sen
recruit_character = ROC_Liu_Bocheng
recruit_character = ROC_Liu_Shaoqi
recruit_character = ROC_Li_De
recruit_character = ROC_Li_Zongren
recruit_character = ROC_Peng_Dehuai
recruit_character = ROC_Song_Meiling
recruit_character = ROC_Sun_Liren
recruit_character = ROC_Su_Yu
recruit_character = ROC_Wang_Shuming
recruit_character = ROC_Wang_Yaowu
recruit_character = ROC_Wei_Lihuang
recruit_character = ROC_Xi_Qia
recruit_character = ROC_Xue_Yue
recruit_character = ROC_Xu_Xiangqian
recruit_character = ROC_Yan_Xishan
recruit_character = ROC_Yu_Hanmou
recruit_character = ROC_Zhang_Haipeng
recruit_character = ROC_Zhang_Jinghui
recruit_character = ROC_Zhang_Xueliang
recruit_character = ROC_Zhou_Enlai
recruit_character = ROC_Zhu_De
recruit_character = ROC_Lin_Biao
recruit_character = ROC_Long_Yun
recruit_character = ROC_Ma_Bufang
recruit_character = ROC_Sheng_Shicai

set_stability = 1.0
set_war_support = 1.0
# Starting tech

add_ideas = {
	german_advisors
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
		}
	}
	add_ideas = {
		CHI_communist_uprisings
	}
}


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}		
	add_ideas = {
		CHI_nine_power_treaty
		CHI_army_corruption_1
		CHI_ineffective_bureaucracy
		CHI_incompetent_officers
		free_trade
		CHI_hyper_inflation_1
	}
}
save_global_event_target_as = WTT_current_china_leader

set_convoys = 0

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}